Privacy Policy

We only collect the information you choose to give us, and we process it with your consent, or on another legal basis; we only require the minimum amount of personal information that is necessary to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with us; we don't sell it to third parties; and we only use it as this Privacy Statement describes. If you're visiting us from the EU, please see our global privacy practices: we comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). No matter where you are, where you live, or what your citizenship is, we provide the same standard of privacy protection to all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or location.

Of course, the short version doesn't tell you everything, so please read on for more details!
What information Bitwarden collects and why
Information from website browsers

If you're just browsing the website, we collect the same basic information that most websites collect. We use common internet technologies, such as cookies and web server logs. This is stuff we collect from everybody, whether they have an account or not.

The information we collect about all visitors to our website includes the visitor's browser type, language preference, referring site, additional websites requested, and the date and time of each visitor request. We also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.

We collect this information to better understand how our website visitors use Bitwarden, and to monitor and protect the security of the website.
Information from users with accounts

If you create an account, we require some basic information at the time of account creation. You will create your own password, and we will ask you for a valid email address. You also have the option to give us more information if you want to, and this may include "User Personal Information."

"User Personal Information" is any information about one of our users which could, alone or together with other information, personally identify him or her. Information such as an email address and a real name are examples of "User Personal Information." User Personal Information includes Personal Data as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation.

User Personal Information does not include aggregated, non-personally identifying information. We may use aggregated, non-personally identifying information to operate, improve, and optimize our website and service.
Why we collect this

We need your User Personal Information to create your account, and to provide the services you request, including to provide the Bitwarden service, or to respond to support requests.
We use your User Personal Information, specifically your email address, to identify you on Bitwarden.
We will use your email address to communicate with you. Please see our section on email communication for more information.
We use your User Personal Information for internal purposes, such as to maintain logs for security reasons, for training purposes, and for legal documentation.
We limit our use of your User Personal Information to the purposes listed in this Privacy Statement. If we need to use your User Personal Information for other purposes, we will ask your permission first.

Our legal basis for processing information

Under certain international laws (including GDPR), Bitwarden is required to notify you about the legal basis on which we process User Personal Information. Bitwarden processes User Personal Information on the following legal bases:

When you create a Bitwarden account, you provide your email address. We require this data element for you to enter into the Terms of Service agreement with us, and we process this element on the basis of performing that contract. We also process your email address on other bases. If you have a paid account with us, there will be other data elements we must collect and process on the basis of performing that contract. Bitwarden does not collect or process a credit card number, but our third-party payment processor (Stripe, Braintree, and PayPal) does.
When you fill out the information in your user profile, you have the option to provide User Personal Information such as your full name. We process this information on the basis of consent. All of this information is entirely optional, and you have the ability to access, modify, and delete it at any time.
Generally, the remainder of the processing of personal information we perform is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
If you would like to request erasure of data we process on the basis of consent, please see the section on how you can access and control the information we collect.

What information Bitwarden does not collect

We do not intentionally collect sensitive personal information, such as social security numbers, genetic data, health information, or religious information. Although Bitwarden does not request or intentionally collect any sensitive personal information, we realize that you might store this kind of information in your account. If you store any sensitive personal information on our servers, you are responsible for complying with any regulatory controls regarding that data.

If you're a child under the age of 13, you may not have an account on Bitwarden. Bitwarden does not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our content specifically to children under 13. If we learn or have reason to suspect that you are a user who is under the age of 13, we will unfortunately have to close your account. Please see our Terms of Service for information about account termination. Other countries may have different minimum age limits, and if you are below the minimum age for providing consent for data collection in your country, you may not use Bitwarden without obtaining your parents' or legal guardians' consent.
How we share the information we collect

We do share User Personal Information so we can perform services you have requested or communicate on your behalf. You may indicate, through your actions on Bitwarden, that you are willing to share your User Personal Information. For example, if you join an organization, the owner of the organization will have the ability to view your activity in the organization's access log.

We do not share, sell, rent, or trade User Personal Information with third parties for their commercial purposes.

We do not host advertising on Bitwarden. We may occasionally embed content from third party sites, such as YouTube, and that content may include ads. While we try to minimize the amount of ads our embedded content contains, we can't always control what third parties show.

We do not disclose User Personal Information outside Bitwarden, except in the situations listed in this section or in the section below on Compelled Disclosure.

We do share certain aggregated, non-personally identifying information with others about how our users, collectively, use Bitwarden, or how our users respond to our paid service offerings, such as a premium membership. For example, we may compile statistics on the number of active users on the platform. However, we do not sell this information to advertisers or marketers.

We do share User Personal Information with a limited number of third party vendors who process it on our behalf to provide or improve our service, and who have agreed to privacy restrictions similar to our own Privacy Statement. Our vendors perform services such as payment processing, customer support ticketing, network data transmission, and other similar services. While Bitwarden processes all User Personal Information in the United States, our third party vendors may process data outside of the United States or the European Union.

We do share aggregated, non-personally identifying information with third parties. For example, in the event of a security incident, we may share the number of times a particular account was accessed.

We may share User Personal Information if we are involved in a merger, sale, or acquisition. If any such change of ownership happens, we will ensure that it is under terms that preserve the confidentiality of User Personal Information, and we will notify you on our website or by email before any transfer of your User Personal Information. The organization receiving any User Personal Information will have to honor any promises we have made in our Privacy Statement or in our Terms of Service.
Bitwarden applications

You also have the option of using applications from Bitwarden, such as our Desktop or Mobile app. All Bitwarden applications are subject to this Privacy Statement, and we will always collect the minimum amount of User Personal Information necessary, and use it only for the purpose for which you have given it to us.
How you can access and control the information we collect

If you're already a Bitwarden user, you may access, update, alter, or delete your basic user profile information by editing your user profile.
Data retention and deletion

Generally, Bitwarden will retain User Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.

We may retain certain User Personal Information indefinitely, unless you delete it or request its deletion. For example, we don't automatically delete inactive user accounts, so unless you choose to delete your account, we will retain your account information indefinitely.

If you would like to cancel your account or delete your User Personal Information, you may do so in your web vault settings. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, but barring legal requirements, we will delete your full profile (within reason) within 30 days.
Our use of cookies and tracking
Cookies

Bitwarden uses cookies to make interactions with our service easy and meaningful. We use cookies (and similar technologies, like HTML5 localStorage) to keep you logged in, remember your preferences, and provide information for future development of Bitwarden. We also use cookies to identify a device, for security reasons. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your computer or device. If you disable your browser or device's ability to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or properly use Bitwarden's services.
Tracking and analytics

We use a number of third party analytics and service providers (such as Google Analytics) to help us evaluate our users' use of Bitwarden; compile statistical reports on activity; and improve our content and website performance. In addition, we use our own internal analytics software to provide features and improve our content and performance.

We do not currently respond to your browser's Do Not Track signal, and we do not permit third parties other than our analytics and service providers to track Bitwarden users' activity over time on Bitwarden. We do not track your online browsing activity on other online services over time.

Google provides further information about its own privacy practices and offers a browser add-on to opt out of Google Analytics tracking if you so choose.
How Bitwarden secures your information

Bitwarden takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect User Personal Information from unauthorized access, alteration, or destruction; maintain data accuracy; and help ensure the appropriate use of User Personal Information.

Bitwarden enforces a written security information program. Our program:

aligns with industry recognized frameworks;
includes security safeguards reasonably designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of our users' data;
is appropriate to the nature, size, and complexity of Bitwarden's business operations;
includes incident response and data breach notification processes; and
complies with applicable information security related laws and regulations in the geographic regions where Bitwarden does business.

In the event of a data breach that affects your User Personal Information, we will act promptly to mitigate the impact of a breach and notify any affected users.

Transmission of data on Bitwarden is encrypted using SSH, HTTPS, and SSL/TLS. By design, your vault information is encrypted prior to being transmitted to our servers and is therefore encrypted at rest.
Bitwarden's global privacy practices

We store and process the information that we collect in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Statement (our subprocessors may store and process data outside the United States). However, we understand that we have users from different countries and regions with different privacy expectations, and we try to meet those needs even when the United States does not have the same privacy framework as other countries'.

We provide the same standard of privacy protection — as described in this Privacy Statement — to all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or location, and we are proud of the levels of notice, choice, accountability, security, data integrity, access, and recourse we provide. We work hard to comply with the applicable data privacy laws wherever we do business.

In particular:

Bitwarden provides clear methods of unambiguous, informed consent at the time of data collection, when we do collect your personal data using consent as a basis.
We collect only the minimum amount of personal data necessary for our purposes, unless you choose to provide more. We encourage you to only give us the amount of data you are comfortable sharing.
We offer you simple methods of accessing, correcting, or deleting the User Personal Information we have collected.
We provide our users notice, choice, accountability, security, and access, and we limit the purpose for processing.

How we respond to compelled disclosure

Bitwarden may disclose personally-identifying information or other information we collect about you to law enforcement in response to a valid subpoena, court order, warrant, or similar government order, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property or rights, or those of third parties or the public at large.

In complying with court orders and similar legal processes, Bitwarden strives for transparency. When permitted, we will make a reasonable effort to notify users of any disclosure of their information, unless we are prohibited by law or court order from doing so, or in rare, exigent circumstances.
How we, and others, communicate with you

We will use your email address to communicate with you. For example, if you contact our support team with a request, we will respond to you via email.

Bitwarden may occasionally send notification emails about new features, requests for feedback, important policy changes, or offer customer support. We also send marketing emails. There's an unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each of the marketing emails we send you. Please note that you can not opt out of receiving important communications from us, such as mails from our support team or system emails.

Our emails might contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. We use this pixel tag to make our email more effective for you and to make sure we're not sending you unwanted email.
Changes to our Privacy Statement
